Hello, welcome to Data Structures,
and Algorithms in C++.
I'm David Silver, and I lead the School of Autonomous Systems here at Udacity.
Hi, I'm Stephen Welch.
I'm a Content Developer here at Udacity.
In this course, you'll be starting out with basic C++,
starting with variables and functions,
and by the end of this course,
you will be implementing multi-file programs using object oriented programming.
In particular, we'll be using a number of the containers,
and algorithms provided by the C++ standard library.
These are core tools that
every C++ programmer uses when they're building projects, and writing code.
The projects in this course will be very interesting.
You'll be using A star algorithm to find
the shortest points or shortest path between two points on a map.
In the beginning part of the course,
you'll be doing this using an ASCII map, and then by the end,
you'll use OpenStreetMap, tiles,
and you'll find the shortest path between two points on the actual map.
This is such a cool project if you've ever used in Internet mapping application,
and wondered how it figures out how to build a route from one on a map to another,
you're going to be able to show that to your friends,
and family, and anybody else who's interested.
That sounds super awesome. Let's get started.
Let's go.